Changelog
=========
This is a changelog for the Octave `report` package.

[0.5.0] - 2021-09-28
--------------------
### Added
- `gnuplotter` now accepts several options and parameters.
  The `verbose` option increases the verbosity,
  and `initfile` runs Gnuplot with the startup file (`~/.gnuplot` or similar).
  Also, the `logfile` parameter can be used to debug the data being passed
  to Gnuplot.
- Documentation for some functions and objects (available through `help`).
### Changed
- **The parameters of `gnuplotter.plot` have changed.** The function now
  accepts the x and y-values as separate arguments, like the standard `plot`
  function in Octave.
- By default, `gnuplotter` now starts Gnuplot with the `--default-settings`
  option, making it not read the startup files like `~/.gnuplot`.

[0.4.1] - 2020-02-08
--------------------
### Fixed
- Using `gnuplotter.export` with non-existent directory will now create the
  required directory if it does not exist.

[0.4.0] - 2020-02-04
--------------------
### Added
- LaTeX files generated by `writelatexvars` now include a short header with
  information on how to include it in a LaTeX file and how it was created.
- New function `rounds` now enables rounding to a given number of significant
  digits.
### Changed
- Functions `dlmformat` and `csvformat` now allow specifying the format
  and header in similar ways: either as cell array, or as space-separated
  string.
### Fixed
- Specifying a path to a non-existent directory in `writelatexvars`,
  `dlmformat`, or `csvformat` should now correctly create the directory
  before attempting to write the file.
- The `disp` function of `gnuplotter` and `gnuplotdef` can now properly
  return values instead of printing.

[0.3.2] - 2020-01-12
--------------------
### Added
- Added documentation to the `gnuplotdef` object. Currently, it can only
  be viewed in the source code, because the `help` function does not
  support documentation in classdef classes.
### Fixed
- Fixed an error in `writelatexvars` which caused single-character strings
  to be exported as their ASCII codepoint value.

[0.3.1] - 2019-07-21
--------------------
### Changed
- In the gnuplot bridge, plot definitions now set the plot title and axis
  labels only if they have been explicitly set using the `title`, `xlabel`
  or `ylabel` function, respectively.

[0.3.0] - 2019-05-25
--------------------
### Added
- The gnuplot bridge now supports separating the plot definition (mainly the
  plot data) into an independent object, which can be reused in multiple
  `doplot` invocations. This object aggregates primarily the data points,
  but can also hold other stuff like plot title and axis labels.
  For example usage of this feature, see the `test/multiplot_*.m` scripts,
  which demostrate different ways to produce a multiplot.

### Fixed
- Corrected an error in the `test/writetable.m` test script.
  This was an internal error which appeared only in testing.
- The `writelatexvars` function now supports more types like complex numbers
  and strings. Also, its documentation has been improved.

[0.2.0] - 2019-05-05
--------------------
**Important:** Package name has been changed from `gnuplotter` to `report`.

### Added
- It is now possible to pass raw tabular data to gnuplot from numeric array
  using the `data` function.
- Added this changelog.
- Added functions to export numeric arrays into CSV and similar formats.
  See functions `dlmformat` and `csvformat`.

### Changed
- **Incompatbility note:** The `addplot` function has been renamed to `plot`,
  while the original `plot` function is now called `doplot`.

[0.1.0] - 2019-04-02
--------------------
First version. Includes basic commands for starting, interaction
and termination of gnuplot process, as well as simple interface for
plotting. Distribution is enabled as an octave package.
